Update Vault documentation (#3661)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/1.5.x/features/vault.md

The output should print a Vault token that you then provide as the `conf.fromCp.auth.token` value of the `Mesh` object.

{:.note}

> > Be aware there are some failure modes where the `vault` CLI will return a token that is invalid 
> even though an error was encountered (for example, if the policy creation in step 3 fails then 
> the `vault` command in step 4 will return a token but will also expose an error). In 
> such situations, using `jq` to parse the output will hide the error message provided in the `vault` 
> CLI output. It may be useful to manually parse the output instead of using `jq` so that the full 
> output of the `vault` CLI command is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** There are some failure modes where the `vault` CLI still returns a token 
even though an error was encountered and the token is invalid. For example, if the 
policy creation fails in the previous step, then the `vault token create` command 
both returns a token and exposes an error. In such situations, using `jq` to parse 
the output hides the error message provided in the `vault` CLI output. Manually 
parse the output instead of using `jq` so that the full output of the `vault` CLI 
command is available.
```
Changed up some of the phrasing to make it clearer.

You can authenticate with the `token` or with client certificates by providing `clientKey` and `clientCert`.

You can provide these values inline for testing purposes only, as a path to a file on the
same host as `kuma-cp`, or contained in a `secret`. When using a `secret`, it should be a mesh-scoped 
secret (see [the Kuma Secrets documentation](https://kuma.io/docs/latest/security/secrets/) for details 
on mesh-scoped secrets versus global secrets). On Kubernetes, this mesh-scoped secret should be stored 

> in the system namespace ("kong-mesh-system" by default).

Reviewer 2: I suppose we might as well call out `type: system.kuma.io/secret` here

Author: I can add that to the end of the paragraph where I mention that it needs to be found in the "kong-mesh-system" namespace.

> in the system namespace ("kong-mesh-system" by default) and should be configured as `type: system.kuma.io/secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the system namespace (`kong-mesh-system` by default) and should be configured as `type: system.kuma.io/secret`.
```
